c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.exe
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Form_ogrenci.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.exe
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.pdb
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Form_ogretmen.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Form_ders.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formogrenciekle.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formogrenciguncelleme.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Anasayfa.resources
c:\users\ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.FormDersSecim.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ufuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.ogretmenler.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\kursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.dersler.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formogretmenekle.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formogretmenguncelleme.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formdersekle.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\bin\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.exe.config
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formveliler.resources
C:\Users\Ufuk\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KursOtomasyonu\kursOtomasyonu\obj\x86\Debug\kursOtomasyonu.Formverilendersler.resources
